README.md, before:

# Moonbeam Grant Proposals

This repository contains information about the Moonbeam Grant Program


## Revised Grant Program: 

As outlined in sicco-moonbeam's [Moonbeam Forum post](https://forum.moonbeam.foundation/t/discussion-for-revised-grant-program/399), the [Revised Grant Program](revised/revised_grant_program.md) is being proposed as the successor to the [Interim Grant Proposal](interim/interim_grant_proposal.md)


## Interim Grant Proposal: Sept 12, 2022 - March 12, 2023

As originally outlined in TheTeriyakiDon's [polkassembly post](https://moonbeam.polkassembly.network/post/131) and voted on and [approved by the Moonbeam community](https://moonbeam.foundation/news/interim-grant-program/), the [Interim Grant Proposal](interim/interim_grant_proposal.md) outlines the 6 month grant program for the Moonbeam Ecosystem that is in effect from Sept 12, 2022 to March 12, 2023.

## Level 3 Grant Proposals

 List of Level 3 Grant proposals that passed Phase 3 of the [Moonbeam Interim Grant Process](interim/interim_grant_proposal.md) and have been submitted for a democracy motion


| MGBP # | Grant                                                      |
|---     |---                                                         |
|  1     | [StellaSwap's Ecosystem Grant Proposal](level-3/MBGP1.md)  | 
|  2     | [Moonwell's Ecosystem Grant Proposal](level-3/MBGP2.md)    |

Commit message:

* Reorganized level-3 proposals to be under interim folder. * updated README to indicate the Revised Grant Program is now in effect. * updated README to add the Tranche 1 Proposal * added text for Tranche 1 Proposal

README.md, after:

# Moonbeam Grant Proposals

This repository contains information about the Moonbeam Grant Program


## Revised Grant Program: 

As outlined in sicco-moonbeam's [Moonbeam Forum post](https://forum.moonbeam.foundation/t/discussion-for-revised-grant-program/399), the [Revised Grant Program](revised/revised_grant_program.md) was proposed as the successor to the [Interim Grant Proposal](interim/interim_grant_proposal.md) and was passed in [Referendum 87](https://moonbeam.polkassembly.network/referendum/87).

| Tranche # | Grant Proposal 											           |
|---		| ---														  		   |
|	1		| [Tranche 1 Ecosystem Grant Proposal](./revised/tranche_1_proposal.md)|
|	2		| TBD															           |




## Interim Grant Proposal: Sept 12, 2022 - March 12, 2023

As originally outlined in TheTeriyakiDon's [polkassembly post](https://moonbeam.polkassembly.network/post/131) and voted on and [approved by the Moonbeam community](https://moonbeam.foundation/news/interim-grant-program/), the [Interim Grant Proposal](interim/interim_grant_proposal.md) outlines the 6 month grant program for the Moonbeam Ecosystem that is in effect from Sept 12, 2022 to March 12, 2023.

## Level 3 Grant Proposals

 List of Level 3 Grant proposals that passed Phase 3 of the [Moonbeam Interim Grant Process](interim/interim_grant_proposal.md) and have been submitted for a democracy motion


| MGBP # | Grant                                                      |
|---     |---                                                         |
|  1     | [StellaSwap's Ecosystem Grant Proposal](interim/level-3/MBGP1.md)  | 
|  2     | [Moonwell's Ecosystem Grant Proposal](interim/level-3/MBGP2.md)    |
